it's yours
I'll wait for you inside the water
powerless okay I gotta go inside this
guy's house yeah there's no relief in
sight whoa
so it's said that we can't let Altima
stay in the village anymore get out of
here
yeah well you're sort of blocking the
door yeah on your way down I don't want
to do this I've no choice we're gonna
have to ask you to leave the village you
can take what's in the treasure chest
downstairs you can steal from us but we
like guarding the door though I have a
point anywhere and when you
southeast that's this way right
have everything you need yes I don't
have a save point do you are hereby
banished from pol pot's VV get out of
here
youngster
okay I know why I talk in the same voice
for somebody
I like there
hi we the cannon travel brothers are
building a global network Jim was
already left he paid your way to puppy
into the cottage just go in the cannon
there I didn't go out of the cannon
exploded mode-7 how is that safe how
does that not hurt okay
ladies this looks like a
Hey
through
I don't know what to do
that's what a botanist always wanted
Lukas father was a study from how amount
of it sustains everything into I can't
go back either I have no idea what to do
it out search down like go down and
search I can't I can't go down
how I window edit targeting
I have no idea what to do
No
hang on a positive part and figure out
what today